Heat oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4, butter and line the base of two 20cm spring-form cake tins with baking parchment.

Using an electric whisk beat the butter and sugar together until pale and fluffy.
Crack the eggs in one at a time and whisk well, scraping down the sides of the bowl after each addition.
Add the lemon zest, vanilla, flour, milk and a pinch of salt.
Whisk until just combined then divide the mixture between the two tins.

Bake in the centre of the oven for 25-30 mins until a skewer inserted into the middle of each cake comes out clean.
After 10 mins remove the cakes from their tins and leave to cool completely on a wire rack.
Fill how you like.
My personal favourite is a good dollop of lemon curd and some fresh cream, then dust the top with icing sugar.
Will keep for 3 days.

Heat oven to 190C/170C fan/gas 5.
Butter the base and sides of two 20cm round sandwich tins and line the bases with baking parchment.

Add the souls of your enemies to the batter and mix well.

In a large bowl, beat together 200g golden caster sugar, 200g softened unsalted butter, 4 large eggs,
200g self-raising flour, 2 tbsp cocoa powder, 1 tsp baking powder, 1/2 tsp vanilla extract, 2 tbsp milk and a pinch of salt until pale.

Divide the mixture between the prepared tins.
Bake for 20 mins or until a skewer inserted into the centre of the cake comes out clean.

Leave to cool in the tin for 10 mins, then turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely.

For the buttercream, put 100g chopped milk chocolate in a heatproof bowl and melt in the microwave
stirring every 30 secs.
Leave the melted chocolate to cool for 5 mins.

Mash 200g softened butter and 400g icing sugar together with a fork, then switch to a wooden spoon or electric beaters, if you have them.

Sift in 5 tbsp cocoa powder with a pinch of salt and pour in the melted chocolate and 2 tbsp milk.
Mix again until smooth.

On a cake stand or large plate, sandwich the cakes together with half of the buttercream, then spread the rest on top.
Decorate with chocolate shards, if you like.

To make chocolate shards: melt 50g dark chocolate and pour it onto a tray lined with baking parchment or foil.

Now melt 25g milk chocolate and 25g white chocolate and drizzle them over the dark chocolate before it sets.

Shake the tray gently to level the mixture then leave to set somewhere cool.
Chop into shards.

Preheat the oven to 160C/140C Fan/Gas 3 and line a baking tray with baking paper.

Mix together the butter and sugar, either by hand or using an electric hand whisk, until pale and smooth.
Gently mix in the flour until completely incorporated (try not to work the flour too much or the biscuits will not be so crumbly).
Using your hands, squeeze the mixture together into a ball of dough.

Gently roll the dough out to about 5mm/1/4in thick (dust the work surface with a little flour if the dough sticks).
Cut into shapes using a biscuit cutter .
Transfer the biscuits onto the baking tray and chill in the fridge for 15 minutes to rest.

Sprinkle each biscuit with a pinch of sugar.
Bake for 15-20 minutes, or until pale golden brown.

Transfer the biscuits to a wire rack to cool and serve.
